Your company intends to subscribe to an Azure support plan.
The support plan must allow for new support requests to be opened.
Which of the following are support plans that will allow this? Answer by dragging the correct option from the list to the answer area.
options
Basic
developer
standard
professional direct
premier

ans:all select but basic not
in this basic plan is not added
While the Basic plan (which is included for all Azure customers automatically) allows you to open support tickets for Billing, Quota increases, and Subscription management, it does not allow you to open technical support requests for break/fix issues or troubleshooting.

Azure DevTest Labs
Create: A developer spins up a Virtual Machine quickly to test some code or a new feature.
Remove (or Shut Down): Once the testing is finished, the VM is easily deleted or automatically shut down so the company stops paying for it.

Azure AD Identity Protection
Azure AD Identity Protection is a security tool that uses advanced machine learning to detect, investigate, and automatically fix identity-based risks and suspicious behavior.
Scenario: Your company wants to ensure that if a user connects to their cloud environment from an unfamiliar or unidentified IP address, they are automatically prompted to change their password to protect the account. Which service should you use?  

Answer: Azure AD Identity Protection (or Microsoft Entra ID Protection)  


What are two characteristics of the public cloud? Each correct answer presents a complete solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point. A. dedicated hardware B. unsecured connections C. limited storage D. metered pricing E. self-service management
Ans.
D. metered pricing
E. self-service management

When you are implementing a Software as a Service (SaaS) solution, you are responsible for ______
Options:
configuring high availability
defining scalability rules
installing the SaaS solution
configuring the SaaS solution

✅ Correct Answer: configuring the SaaS solution

You can assign an Azure policy to a virtual machine.”
✅ Answer: True

Azure Storage is considered PaaS (Platform as a Service)


North America is represented by a single Azure region.
Answer: No (North America has dozens of separate Azure regions, such as East US, West US, Central US, Canada Central, etc.).

Every Azure region has multiple datacenters.
Answer: No (This is a notorious AZ-900 trick question! While a region is a set of datacenters deployed within a latency-defined perimeter, some smaller or legacy regions might consist of only a single massive datacenter structure).

Data transfers between Azure services located in different Azure regions are always free.
Answer: No (Data transferring in to an Azure region is free, but outbound data transferring out of a region to a different region carries a bandwidth cost).



From Azure Service Health, an administrator can view the health of all the services deployed to an Azure environment and all the other services available in Azure.
Answer: Yes (Azure Service Health provides a unified dashboard experience. It includes the broad Azure Status page—which shows the global health of all available services across all regions—as well as personalized sections tracking only the specific resources you have deployed).

From Azure Service Health, an administrator can create a rule to be alerted if an Azure service fails.
Answer: Yes (You can configure Service Health Alerts using Action Groups to proactively notify you via email, SMS, or webhooks if an outage or planned maintenance impacts your services).

From Azure Service Health, an administrator can prevent a service failure from affecting a specific virtual machine.
Answer: No (This is a common trick question. Service Health is strictly a monitoring, reporting, and alerting tool. It can tell you when a failure happens or why it happened, but it has no capability to physically prevent an underlying cloud infrastructure issue or outage).

Azure logic app
Azure Identity Protection
Azure Virtual Network Gateway
VPN gateway
then diffrenc between Azure Identity Protection and Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
local  network gateway
Azure synpse analytics
azure data lacks
simple definition know what is it
Azure sphare 
iot hub


Question: You can monitor health and performance of microservice app running on aks with---
->Azure App Insights

Question: ou can find recommendations for security best practices security configuration for Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) with:
-Microsoft Defender for Cloud

Question: Azure VMs in different virtual networks can communicate by default
False

Azure Advisor = HSPOC: High Availability, Security, Performance, Operational Excellence, Cost. No “Scalability”!

An Initiative (also called a Policy Set) is a collection of multiple policy definitions grouped together to achieve a single overarching compliance goal. Think of it as a “bundle” of policies, like “Enable Monitoring in Azure Security Center.”


Statement 1: Trust Center is part of Microsoft Defender for Cloud. (No)
Statement 2: Trust Center can only be accessed by users that have an Azure subscription. (No)
Statement 3: Trust Center provides information about the Azure compliance offerings. (Yes)

What is the longest term you can purchase for Azure Reserved VM Instances?-3 years


Software updates and patches ➔ Compute
Multifactor authentication (MFA) ➔ Identity and access
Surveillance camera ➔ Physical security


You can access Compliance Manager from the---
ans:
Microsoft Purview compliance portal  
Microsoft 365 compliance center


An Azure resource can have multiple Delete locks:yes


In the infrastructure as a service (laaS) cloud service model, which two components are the responsibility of the cloud service provider? Each correct answer
presents a complete solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. the configuration and maintenance of storage
B. the installation and configuration of the operating system
C. maintaining the hardware
D. the network configuration
E. physical security of the datacenter infrastructure
Answer: CE




You can view your company's regulatory compliance report from Microsoft Defender for Cloud.:if no option for purview and trust portal




You have an accounting application named App1 that uses a legacy database. You plan to move App1 to the cloud. Which service model should you use?
A. software as a service (SaaS)
B. infrastructure as a service (laaS)
C. platform as a service (PaaS)
Answer: B


Monthly salaries for technical personnel are an example of operational expenditure (OpEx) costs.
Leasing software is an example of operational expenditure (OpEx) costs.
Both are as Opex

You can view which user turn off the vm during last 14 dya:Activity log

All azure resources deployed to same resource group can have the different region not necessary to use same region


Azure sqldatta warehouse main advantage
high availability
scaling
data comprision
versioning
-> High availability

Users in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) are organized by using resource groups.-No


Your company has a Software Assurance agreement that includes Microsoft SQL Server licenses You plan to deploy SQL Server on Azure virtual machines.
What should you do to minimize licensing costs for the deployment?
A. Use Azure reservations.
B. Use Azure Hybrid Benefit
C. Deallocate the virtual machines during off hours.
D. Configure Azure Cost Management budgets.
Answer: B

You have an Azure environment.
You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. What are three possible solutions? Each correct answer
presents a complete solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. Use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell.
B. Use PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell.
C. Use the PowerApps portal.
D. Use the Security & Compliance admin center.
E. Use the Azure porta
Answer: ABE



With Azure ExpressRoute, all inbound data transfer is free of charge. Box 2: No
Data traffic between azure service within same region is so
Inbound data traffic is free but outbound data traffic is not. Box 3: Yes

Microsoft provides a minimum of 12 months’ notice before ending support for a service.

You plan to migrate a web application to Azure. The web application is accessed by external users.
You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution to minimize the amount of administrative effort used to manage the web application.
What should you include in the recommendation?
A. software as a service (SaaS)
B. platform as a service (PaaS)
C. infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
D. database as a service (DaaS)
 
->B


You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines. You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual
networks.
What should you create?
->one Azure firewall


An Azure region contains one or more data centers that are connected by using a low-latency network



What can Azure Information Protection encrypt?
A. an Azure Storage account
B. documents and email messages
C. an Azure SQL database
D. network traffic
Answer: B


What is guaranteed in an Azure Service Level Agreement (SLA) for virtual machines?
A. uptime
B. feature availability
C. bandwidth
D. performance
Answer: A



You have an Azure environment.
You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell.
Does this meet the goal?
A. Yes
B. No 
->A


You need to configure an Azure solution that meets the following requirements:
 Secures websites from attacks
 Generates reports that contain details of attempted attacks What should you include in the solution?
A. Azure Firewall
B. a network security group (NSG)
C. Azure Information Protection
D. DDoS protection



IoT Hub is a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) gateway explicitly designed to handle secure, high-volume, bidirectional messaging between millions of connected endpoints and backend systems.

IoT Central is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) dashboard wrapper. It hides the underlying infrastructure components (like IoT Hub) under a ready-made UI template so you can manage devices without needing cloud architecture experience.

Azure Sphere is an end-to-end security solution consisting of three parts: a custom-designed hardware chip (microcontroller), a secure Linux-based OS, and a cloud-based security service that continuously monitors device integrity.

IoT Hub  A managed service that provides bidirectional communication between IoT devices and Azure
IoT Central  A fully managed software as a service (SaaS) solution to connect, monitor, and manage IoT devices at scale
Azure Sphere  A software and hardware solution that provides communication and security features for IoT devices



*Azure Blueprints:
Instead of setting up security, rules, and servers manually for every new project, you use a blueprint to stamp out a perfect, safe, pre-configured setup every single time

When you build a blueprint, you compose it using four types of resources, known as artifacts:
Role Assignments: Automatically grants Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) permissions to specific users or groups when the blueprint is deployed.
Policy Assignments: Assigns Azure Policies to enforce specific rules or guardrails (e.g., "Only allow resources to be created in the East US region").
Azure Resource Manager (ARM) Templates: Embeds infrastructure-as-code templates to automatically deploy specific resources (like virtual networks, storage accounts, or VMs).
Resource Groups: Creates logical containers to organize the deployed resources.to resource only not to direct resource group.


Blueprints are created and saved at the Management Group or Subscription level. They cannot be assigned directly to a single resource group. Instead, you assign a blueprint to a subscription, and it configures everything inside that subscription from the top down.


What should you use to track the costs of Azure resources?
A. Tags
B. usage and quotas
C. Azure Quickstart templates
D. budgets
Answer: D
usage and quotas
It Measures Quantity, Not Currency


A Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution provides additional memory to apps by changing pricing tiers.

You can apply an Azure Policy directly to a single Virtual Machine (VM) and Management Group level,Subscription level,Resource Group level,Individual Resource level (such as a single VM)
->Yes


Azure SQL Database  and Azure Storage accounts are Paas
SQL Server on Azure VMs-Iaas

What can you use to identify underutilized or unused Azure virtual machines?

A. Azure Advisor

B. Azure Cost Management + Billing

C. Azure reservations

D. Azure Policy

Answer: A



- (Exam Topic 2)
Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines.
You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. What are two possible solutions? Each correct answer presents
a complete solution.
A. Modify a DDoS protection plan.
B. Modify an Azure firewall.
C. Modify an Azure Traffic Manager profile.
D. Modify a network security group (NGS)
Answer: BD



Your company has an Azure subscription that contains resources in several regions. You need to ensure that administrators can only create resources in those
regions. What should you use?
A. a read-only lock
B. an Azure policy
C. a management group
D. a reservation
Answer: B

Your company has an Azure subscription that contains resources in several regions. You need to ensure that administrators can only create resources in those
regions. What should you use?
A. a read-only lock
B. an Azure policy
C. a management group
D. a reservation


You plan to use Azure to host two apps named App1 and App2 The apps must meet the following requirements
• You must be able to modify the code of App1
• Administrative effort to manage the operating system of App1 must be minimized.
• App2 must run interactively with the operating system of the server. Which type of cloud service should you use for each app?
Ans:
App1: Platform as a service (PaaS)
App2: Infrastructure as a service (IaaS)


What is required to use Azure Cost Management?
A. a Dev/Test subscription
B. Software Assurance
C. an Enterprise Agreement (EA)
D. a pay-as-you-go subscription
Answer: C


Data that is stored in the Archive access tier of an Azure Storage account can be access at any time by using azcopy.exe



You plan to map a network drive from several computers that run Windows 10 to Azure Storage. You need to create a storage solution in Azure for the planned
mapped drive.
What should you create?
A. an Azure SQL database
B. a virtual machine data disk
C. a Files service in a storage account
D. a Blobs service in a storage account
Answer: C


This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct.
Resource groups provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed”. If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice
that makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed
B. Management groups
C. Azure policies
D. Azure App Service plans
Answer: C


This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct.
An organization that hosts its infrastructure in a private cloud can decommission its data center.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed”. If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice
that makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed.
B. in a hybrid cloud
C. in the public cloud
D. on a Hyper-V host
Answer: C


You need to collect and automatically analyze security events from Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). What should you use?
Analyze security log files from Azure virtual machines.
A. Azure Sentinel
B. Azure Key Vault
C. Azure Synapse Analytics
D. Azure AD Connect
->A

You can use Azure Cost Management to view costs associated to management groups. → Yes


You can stop an Azure SQL Database instance to decrease costs. -> No

You need to compare a company's cloud usage to industry standard best practices. What should you use?
A. Azure Monitor
B. Azure Advisor
C. Application Insights in Azure Monitor
D. Azure Service Health
Answer: B


An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the
script.
Which three computers can run the script? Each correct answer presents a complete solution NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. a computer that runs macOS and has PowerShell Core 6.0 installed
B. a computer that runs Windows 10 and has the Azure PowerShell module installed
C. a computer that runs Chrome OS and uses Azure Cloud Shell
D. a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed
Answer: ABC


From the Azure portal, you can distinguish between services that are generally available and services that are in public preview. Yes
After an Azure service becomes generally available, the service is no longer updated with new features. No
When you create Azure resources for a service in public preview, you must recreate the resources once the service becomes generally available.  No



Your company uses management groups to manage resources in your Azure tenant more efficiently. User1 should be able to assign access and assign policies to
management groups. You need to determine to which role-based access control (RBAC) role User1 should be added.
Your solution should follow the principle of least privilege. To which role should you add User1?
A. Owner
B. User Access Administrator
C. Management Group Contributor
D. Contributor
->B

Owner:full control over all resources, including the ability to delete management groups or modify any infrastructure. 
Management Group Contributor: This role allows a user to manage the management group properties.
Contributor: A Contributor can create and manage Azure resources and can assign policies, but they cannot manage access control or assign RBAC roles to others.

You need to request that Microsoft increase a subscription quota limit for your company.
Which blade should you use from the Azure portal? 
OR
To view a list of planned maintenance events that can affect the availability of an Azure subscription, you should select the following blade from the portal menu:
->Help + support

What should you use to evaluate whether your company’s Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?
A. Azure Security Center
B. Azure Advisor
C. Azure Service Health
D. Azure Knowledge Center
->A

A team has an Azure Cosmos DB account. A solution needs to be in place to generate an alert from Azure Log Analytics when a query request charge exceeds 40
units more than 10 times during a 10-minute window.
Which of the following would you recommend? (Choose two)
A. Create a search query to identify when the requestCharge_s exceeds 10.
B. Configure a period of 10 and a frequency of 10.
C. Create a search query to identify when the requestCharge_s exceeds
D. Create a search query to identify when the duration_s exceeds 10.
Answer: BC

Azure Backup is an example of platform as a service (PaaS). Yes

You have a resource group named RG1.
You plan to create virtual networks and app services in RG1.
You need to prevent the creation of virtual machines only in RG1. What should you use?
A. a lock
B. an Azure role
C. a tag
D. an Azure policy
Answer: D


Run the script from a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed. No



Your company plans to request an architectural review of an Azure environment from Microsoft. The company currently has a Basic support plan.
You need to recommend a new support plan for the company. The solution must minimize costs. Which support plan should you recommend?
A. Premier
B. Developer
C. Professional Direct
D. Standard
->A


Your company has 10 departments.
The company plans to implement an Azure environment.
You need to ensure that each department can use a different payment option for the Azure services it consumes.
What should you create for each department?
A. a reservation
B. a subscription
C. a resource group
D. a container instance
->B

In which Azure support plans can you open a new support request?
A. Premier and Professional Direct only
B. Premier, Professional Direct, and Standard only
C. Premier, Professional Direct, Standard, and Developer only
D. Premier, Professional Direct, Standard, Developer, and Basic
Answer: D


You have an on-premises network that contains several servers. You plan to migrate all the servers to Azure.
You need to recommend a solution to ensure that some of the servers are available if a single Azure data center goes offline for an extended period.
What should you include in the recommendation?
A. fault tolerance
B. elasticity
C. scalability
D. low latency
Answer: A

You have an Azure environment.
You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell.
Does this meet the goal?
A. Yes
B. No
-> A

What should you use to evaluate whether your company's Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?
A. Compliance Manager from the Security Trust Portal
B. the Advisor blade from the Azure policy
C. the Knowledge Center website
D. the Security Center blade from the Azure portal
-> D

What are two characteristics of the public cloud? Each correct answer presents a complete solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. dedicated hardware
B. unsecured connections
C. limited storage
D. metered pricing
E. self-service management
Answer: DE

This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct.
Resource groups provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed”. If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice
that makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed
B. Management groups
C. Azure policies
D. Azure App Service plans
Answer: C

Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines.
You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify an Azure firewall.
Does this meet the goal?
->Yes

What is the longest term you can purchase for Azure Reserved VM Instances?
A. three years
B. four years
C. one year
D. five years
Answer: A

After blobs are uploaded to an Azure Storage container, the access tier of the storage account can be changed. (Yes)
You are free to change the default access tier of your storage account (e.g., switching it from Hot to Cool or vice versa) at any time, even if data has already been uploaded. Changing this account-level setting will automatically apply to any blobs inside the containers that are configured to infer their access tier from the account.

What can you use to identify underutilized or unused Azure virtual machines?
A. Azure Advisor
B. Azure Cost Management + Billing
C. Azure reservations
D. Azure Policy
Answer: A

Azure Policy is an enforcement tool. It ensures that your resources stay compliant with your corporate standards and service level agreements (SLAs) by preventing non-compliant resources from being created.
Azure Advisor is a recommendation tool. It looks at your existing running resources and suggests ways you can improve them across cost, security, reliability, operational excellence, and performance.



Your company is planning a deployment using Azure Database for PostgreSQL. The deployment should meet the following requirements:- Up to 10 TB storage- Azure Premium Storage- Point-in-time-restore for up to 35 days
You need to select the appropriate deployment and pricing tier to meet these requirements and minimize costs. What should you select?
A. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server Memory Optimized tier
B. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Hyperscale (Citus)
C. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server General Purpose tier
D. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server Basic tier
Answer: C



You have an azure virtual machine named VM1.
You plan to encrypt VM1 by using Azure Disk Encryption. Which Azure resource must you create first?
A. An Azure Storage account
B. An Azure Information Protection policy
C. An Encryption Key
D. An Azure Key Vault
->D



Rules to block or permit traffic within your virtual network-NSGs
For entire or more than virtual network-Firewall



Deploying your own datacenter is an example of CapEx. Yes




In the fixed price model, you pay for resources even if you do not use them. Yes


GDPR
Simply put, GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is a strict data privacy law that protects individuals in the European Union (EU).
It gives people total control over how companies collect, store, and use their personal information (like names, emails, and photos).
The 3 Golden Rules to Remember:
It’s Global: It doesn't matter where your company is based. If you serve customers living in the EU, you must follow the law.
Huge Penalties: Companies that break the rules face massive fines.
Your Rights: It gives individuals the "right to be forgotten," meaning they can ask a company to delete all their personal data permanently.



Your company plans to deploy several web servers and several database servers to Azure.
You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers.
What should you include in the recommendation?
A. network security groups (NSGs)
B. Azure Service Bus
C. a local network gateway
D. a route filter
Answer: A



Plans:
Basic and Developer: Provide only generic online documentation access or non-production business-hour email support. No architectural services are included.
Standard: This plan is limited to 24/7 break-fix technical support for production workloads, but it does not include personalized design or architectural review services.
Professional Direct is the most economical tier that explicitly lists architectural support and advisory design consultations among its core benefits.
Premier support contract absolutely provides deep architectural reviews, design sessions, and dedicated Cloud Solution Architect but too much cost.



Your company has an on-premises network that contains multiple servers.
The company plans to reduce the following administrative responsibilities of network administrators:
• Backing up application data
• Replacing failed server hardware
• Managing physical server security
• Updating server operating systems
• Managing permissions to shared documents
The company plans to migrate several servers to Azure virtual machines.
You need to identify which administrative responsibilities will be reduced after the planned migration. Which two responsibilities should you identify? Each correct
answer presents a complete solution. NOTE:
Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. Replacing failed server hardware
B. Backing up application data
C. Managing physical server security
D. Updating server operating systems
E. Managing permissions to shared documents
->A,C




Your company plans to migrate to Azure. The company has several departments. All the Azure resources used by each department will be managed by a
department administrator.
You need to recommend an Azure deployment that provides the ability to segment Azure for the departments. What are two possible techniques to segment Azure
for the departments? Each correct answer presents a
complete solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. multiple subscriptions
B. multiple Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) directories
C. multiple regions
D. multiple resource groups
Answer: AD


You have an Azure subscription and 100 Windows 10 devices.
You need to ensure that only users whose devices have the latest security patches installed can access Azure AD-integrated applications.
What should you implement?
A. Azure Bastion
B. a conditional access policy
C. Azure Policy
D. Azure Firewall
->B



You have an Azure environment that contains multiple Azure virtual machines.
You plan to Implement a solution that enables the client computers on your on-premises network to communicate to the Azure virtual machines.
You need to recommend which Azure resources must be created for the planned solution.
Which two Azure resources should you Include in the recommendation? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. a load balancer
B. a virtual network
C. an application gateway
D. a gateway subnet
E. a virtual network gateway
->DE



What can you use to identify underutilized or unused Azure virtual machines?
A. Azure Advisor
B. Azure Cost Management + Billing
C. Azure reservations
D. Azure Policy
->D


Your company is planning a deployment using Azure Database for PostgreSQL. The deployment should meet the following requirements:- Up to 10 TB storage- Azure Premium Storage- Point-in-time-restore for up to 35 days
You need to select the appropriate deployment and pricing tier to meet these requirements and minimize costs. What should you select?
A. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server Memory Optimized tier
B. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Hyperscale (Citus)
C. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server General Purpose tier
D. Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single Server Basic tier
->C



You plan to use Azure to host two apps named App1 and App2 The apps must meet the following requirements
• You must be able to modify the code of App1
• Administrative effort to manage the operating system of App1 must be minimized.
• App2 must run interactively with the operating system of the server. Which type of cloud service should you use for each app?
->App1-Paas and App2-IaaS




You plan to migrate a web application to Azure. The web application is accessed by external users.
You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution to minimize the amount of administrative effort used to manage the web application.
What should you include in the recommendation?
A. software as a service (SaaS)
B. platform as a service (PaaS)
C. infrastructure as a service (IaaS)
D. database as a service (DaaS)
->B

"Azure China is a distinct separate instance of Microsoft Azure."













Links
									
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPEsD6n9A_I									
https://www.dumpscollection.net/dumps/AZ-900/									
									
									
AZ-900: Azure Fundamentals - Microsoft Learn									
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLahhVEj9XNTd6H2vpsvm_kBSMsMw9EMUL									
									
AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals Exam Cram - Inside Cloud and Security									
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n-kWJetQRk									
									
AZ 900 Exam Prep Full Course - Tech Pub									
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cjr8cRS-Gw									
									
Practice quizzes:									
									
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/credentials/certifications/azure-fundamentals/practice/assessment?assessment-type=practice&assessmentId=23&practice-assessment-type=certification									
									
https://insidethemicrosoftcloud.com/az900quiz									
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUCEFBmYIog									
https://certificationpractice.com/practice-exams/microsoft-azure-fundamentals			again						
									
https://www.certlibrary.com/exam/AZ-900		done							
https://techcloudsolution.in/az-900-practice-test/									
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc0xBz2h4dw		cmnts							
https://www.clearcatnet.com/Papers?provider=Microsoft%20Azure&exam=AZ-900									
https://www.dumps-files.com/files/AZ-900/									
https://www.slideshare.net/slideshow/microsoft-az900-dumps/239178207									
https://www.microsoftbraindumps.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/PassLeader-Microsoft-Azure-AZ-900-Exam-Dumps-Braindumps-PDF-VCE.pdf									
									


