A resource is only associated with one group at a time. Resource groups can't be nested, and they can't be renamed after creation, so choose a clear naming convention from the start.
Azure Container Instances
Azure Container Apps
Azure functions:
serverless means does not mean it is not on server but mean is it s code is running is free from main application
Azure App Service
 VPN Gateway
p2s-vpn client to azure vpn
s2s-hardware vpn device 
n2n-hardare vpn device to azure vpn
s2s-vpn to vpn encrypted  way
Azure DNS
Azure Blobs: A massively scalable object store for text and binary data. Also includes support for big data analytics through Data Lake Storage Gen2.
Azure Files: Managed file shares for cloud or on-premises deployments.
Azure Queues: A messaging store for reliable messaging between application components.
Azure Disks: Block-level storage volumes for Azure VMs.
Azure Tables: NoSQL table option for structured, non-relational data.
Azure Migrate-Azure data box
AzCopy ,Azure Storage Explorer 
Microsoft Entra ID 
Microsoft Entra Connect 
Microsoft Defender for Cloud-Continuously Assess,Secure ,Defend
Cost optimization options in Azure.
Azure Policy
Resource locks
Resource locks can be applied to individual resources, resource groups, or even an entire subscription. Resource locks are inherited, meaning that if you...
Types of resource locks
Delete means authorized users can still read and modify a resource, but they can't delete the resource.
ReadOnly means authorized users can read a resource, but they can't delete or update the resource.
Azure arc and ARM:
Azure Arc:A bridge service extending ARM to non-Azure environments.
ARM:Azure's central control plane and API layer.
When you send a request to create, update, or delete a resource, ARM acts as a gatekeeper:  
Authentication: It confirms who you are (using your Entra ID/Azure AD credentials).  
Authorization: It checks if you have the correct permissions (Role-Based Access Control, or RBAC) to perform that action.  
Execution: If authorized, it forwards your request to the appropriate Resource Provider (e.g., the service that actually builds a Virtual Machine or a Storage Account).
Infrastructure as code(a text file ) and ARM templates(JSON) and BIcep(GUI)
Zero Trust
Azure service health


Azure SQL server + db
On the left-hand menu, scroll down to Settings and click on Access Keys.
Take note of the Username and password that appear
then azure login
docker tag
docker push

ACI and ACA
SAS(shared access signature)-In storage account click SAS(right side menu)-give expiry and read -write permission to it

Azure lifecycle
Like you want to remove /archive the blob /container which have not ued more than 365 days or anything then go to archive/delete it






