Trust Center is part of Microsoft Defender for Cloud.-No
"Azure China is a distinct separate instance of Microsoft Azure."
Azure Files-paas
A DNS server that runs on an Azure virtual machin-Iaas
Microsoft Intune-Saas
You must install Azure Cloud Shell on your computer before you can use it.-No
The Azure Command-Line Interface (CLI) is installed by default in Windows 11.-NO
Azure PowerShell can be used on computers that run Windows, Linux, or macOS.-Yes

Azure AD requires domain controllers on Azure virtual machines.-No
Azure AD provides authentication services for Azure and Microsoft 365.-Yes
Each user account in Azure AD can be assigned only one Microsoft 365 license-No


Data that is stored in an Azure Storage account automatically has at least three copies.-Yes
All data that is copied to an Azure Storage account is backed up automatically to another Azure data center.-No
An Azure Storage account can contain only up to 2 TB of data and up to one million files.-No

The Archive access tier for Azure Storage can be set at the account level.-No
The Cool access tier offers the lowest costs for storing blobs in Azure Storage.-No
After blobs are uploaded to an Azure Storage container, the access tier of the storage account can be changed.-Yes

You need to compare a company's cloud usage to industry standard best practices. What should you use?
A. Azure Monitor
B. Azure Advisor
C. Application Insights in Azure Monitor
D. Azure Service Health
->B


You plan to Implement a solution that enables the client computers on your on-premises network to communicate to the Azure virtual machines.
You need to recommend which Azure resources must be created for the planned solution.
Which two Azure resources should you Include in the recommendation? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. a load balancer
B. a virtual network
C. an application gateway
D. a gateway subnet
E. a virtual network gateway
de


You have an accounting application named App1 that uses a legacy database. You plan to move App1 to the cloud. Which service model should you use?
A. software as a service (SaaS)
B. infrastructure as a service (laaS)
C. platform as a service (PaaS
B

To implement an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) solution, you must sync on-premises identities to the cloud.-No
Two valid methods for Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) are picture identification and a passport number.-No
Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) can be required for administrative and non-administrative user accounts.-Yes


Monthly salaries for technical and operational personnel are ongoing, day-to-day business costs. These are classified as Operational Expenditure (OpEx).


[ Azure Sentinel ] - Analyze security log files from Azure virtual machines
[ Azure Security Center ] - Display the secure score for an Azure subscription



An Azure subscription can be associated to multiple Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenants.-No
(There is a strict 1-to-many relationship. A single Azure subscription can only trust and be associated with exactly one Azure AD directory at a time. However, a single Azure AD tenant can have multiple subscriptions associated with it.)

You can change the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant to which an Azure subscription is associated.-YesWhen an Azure subscription expires, the associated Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant is deleted automatically.-No  
(An Azure AD tenant is a completely independent identity resource. If a billing subscription associated with it expires or is canceled, the tenant remains intact so you can continue to manage other directory resources, users, or other active subscriptions.)


This question requires that you evaluate the Bold text to determine if it is correct.
From Azure Cloud Shell, you can track your company's regulatory standards and regulations, such as ISO 27001.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select "No change is needed/' If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice that
makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed.
B. the Microsoft Cloud Partner Portal
C. Compliance Manager
D. the Trust Center

C

Which statement accurately describes the Modern Lifecycle Policy for Azure services?
A. Microsoft provides mainstream support for a service for five years.
B. Microsoft provides a minimum of 12 months’ notice before ending support for a service.
C. After a service is made generally available, Microsoft provides support for the service for a minimum of four years.
D. When a service is retired, you can purchase extended support for the service for up to five years

B

Deploying your own datacenter is an example of CapEx.-Yes

This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct. An Availability Zone in Azure has physically separate locations across two
continents.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed.” If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice
that makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed.
B. within a single Azure region
C. within multiple Azure regions
D. within a single Azure datacenter
Answer: B

You can create Group Polices in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).-No

Your company plans to deploy several web servers and several database servers to Azure.
You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers.
What should you include in the recommendation?
A. network security groups (NSGs)
B. Azure Service Bus
C. a local network gateway
D. a route filter
A
A local network gateway (C) is used to define the configuration of your on-premises VPN device for cross-premises connectivity.

A Standard support plan is included in an Azure free account.-No
A Premier support plan can only be purchased by companies that have an Enterprise Agreement (EA).-No
Support from MSDN forums is only provided to companies that have a pay-as-you-go subscription.-No

No, actually, PowerShell is available on Linux!
An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the
script.
Solution: Run the script from a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed. Does this meet the goal?
A. Yes
B. No 
No


Your company has an on-premises network that contains multiple servers.
The company plans to reduce the following administrative responsibilities of network administrators:
• Backing up application data
• Replacing failed server hardware
• Managing physical server security
• Updating server operating systems
• Managing permissions to shared documents
The company plans to migrate several servers to Azure virtual machines.
You need to identify which administrative responsibilities will be reduced after the planned migration. Which two responsibilities should you identify? Each correct
answer presents a complete solution. NOTE:
Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. Replacing failed server hardware
B. Backing up application data
C. Managing physical server security
D. Updating server operating systems
E. Managing permissions to shared documents
AC


You plan to map a network drive from several computers that run Windows 10 to Azure Storage. You need to create a storage solution in Azure for the planned
mapped drive.
What should you create?
A. an Azure SQL database
B. a virtual machine data disk
C. a Files service in a storage account
D. a Blobs service in a storage account
C



A Standard support plan is included in an Azure free account. ➡️ No
A Premier support plan can only be purchased by companies that have an Enterprise Agreement (EA). ➡️ No


Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to improve the security of an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) environment.-Yes
Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to reduce the cost of running Azure virtual machines.-Yes
Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to configure the network settings on Azure virtual machines.-No 

Your company plans to deploy several million sensors that will upload data to Azure. You need to identify which Azure resources must be created to support the
planned solution. Which two Azure resources should you identify? Each correct answer presents part of the solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one
point
A. Azure Data Lake
B. Azure Queue storage
C. Azure File Storage
D. Azure IoT Hub
E. Azure Notification Hubs
AD

This question requires that you evaluate the underlined text to determine if it is correct.
After you create a virtual machine, you need to modify the network security group (NSG) to allow connections from TCP port 8080.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed”. If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice
that makes the statement correct.
A. No change is needed
B. virtual network gateway
C. virtual network
D. route table
A

Azure China is operated by Microsoft.—No


Azure Advisor provides personalized recommendations.—Yes
Azure Advisor can provide cost recommendations for virtual machines.—Yes
Azure Advisor can provide recommendations across multiple Azure subscriptions.—Yes


What is the longest term you can purchase for Azure Reserved VM Instances?
A. three years


"An Azure container instance is an example of an Azure [ compute service ]."

Trust Center is part of Microsoft Defender for Cloud.-No
Trust Center can only be accessed by users that have an Azure subscription.-No



In the software as a service (SaaS) cloud service, which responsibility is shared between Microsoft and the customer?
A. identity and directory infrastructure management
B. application management
C. information and data management
D. operating system updates
Answer: C



You have an Azure subscription and 100 Windows 10 devices.
You need to ensure that only users whose devices have the latest security patches installed can access Azure AD-integrated applications.
What should you implement?
A. Azure Bastion
B. a conditional access policy
C. Azure Policy
D. Azure Firewall
C


You plan to reduce ongoing Azure expenditures.
You need to identify which factors affect the costs of a resource.
Which three factors should you identify? Each correct answer presents a complete solution. NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
A. the Azure region
B. the type of processed data
C. the volume of inbound data
D. the volume of outbound data
E. the service tier
ADE



In an Azure virtual machine scale set, the virtual machines are configured identically.—Yes
The number of Azure virtual machines in a virtual machine scale set can increase automatically.—Yes
The number of Azure virtual machines in a virtual machine scale set can decrease automatically.—Yes


ExpressRoute uses Border Gateway Protocol (BGP).—Yes
ExpressRoute uses the internet to connect an on-premises network to Azure.—No
You can configure multiple ExpressRoute circuits to connect an on-premises datacenter to Azure.—Yes



A company can extend an internal network by adding its own physical servers to the public cloud.—No
A private cloud must be disconnected from the internet.—No
Part of a hybrid cloud is the public cloud.—Yes

Data transfers between Azure services located in different Azure regions are always free.—No
Azure Monitor can send alerts to Azure AD security groups.—No
Azure Monitor can trigger alerts based on data in an Azure Log Analytics workspace. — Yes
The cost of Azure resources can vary between regions. — Yes
Single sign-on (SSO) requires that all users sign in by using the Microsoft Authenticator app. — No
You can have two Azure Storage accounts that have the same name in different Azure regions. — No
You can have two Azure Storage accounts that have the same name in the same Azure subscription. — No
You can have two Azure Storage accounts that have the same name in two different Azure subscriptions. — No
Azure virtual networks deployed to the same Azure region are connected by default.—No
Virtual networks created in the same resource group must have unique names.—Yes
The Azure virtual network's address space must be unique within a subscription.—No


iOS devices can be registered in Azure Active Directory.-Yes
You can assign an Azure policy to a virtual machine.	No
If an Azure policy is assigned to a resource group, only compliant resources can be deployed to the group.	Yes
If an Azure policy is assigned to a resource group, noncompliant resources are removed from the group.	No
The Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime for paid Azure services is at least 99.9 percent.	No

To use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials to sign in to a computer that runs Windows 10, the computer must be joined to Azure AD.	Yes
Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) groups support dynamic membership rules.	Yes
Users in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) are organized by using resource groups.	No

With a consumption-based plan, you reduce overall costs by paying only for extra capacity when it is required.No
Availability zones can be implemented in all Azure regions.No
You can configure the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) activity logs to appear in Azure Monitor.Yes
From Azure Monitor, you can monitor resources across multiple Azure subscriptions.Yes

Leasing software is an example of operational expenditure (OpEx) costs.	Yes



In which type of cloud model are all the hardware resources owned by a third-party and shared between multiple tenants?
Correct Answer: C. public


If Microsoft plans to end support for an Azure service that does NOT have a successor service, Microsoft will provide notification at least 12 months before. Yes
Agility ➡️ Applications can be developed, tested, and launched rapidly.
Azure Site Recovery provides disaster recovery for virtual machines.

From the Azure portal, you can distinguish between services that are generally available and services that are in public preview.	Yes
After an Azure service becomes generally available, the service is no longer updated with new features.	No
When you create Azure resources for a service in public preview, you must recreate the resources once the service becomes generally available.	No
An Azure service in private preview is released to all Azure customers.	No
An Azure service in public preview is released to all Azure customers.	Yes
An Azure service in general availability is released to a subset of Azure customers.	No
A user who is assigned the Owner role can transfer ownership of an Azure subscription.	Yes
The Azure spending limit is fixed and cannot be increased or decreased.	No


Your company has a Software Assurance agreement that includes Microsoft SQL Server licenses You plan to deploy SQL Server on Azure virtual machines.
What should you do to minimize licensing costs for the deployment?
A. Use Azure reservations.
B. Use Azure Hybrid Benefit
C. Deallocate the virtual machines during off hours.
D. Configure Azure Cost Management budgets.
B


Azure Firewall will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure to the Internet.No
A network security group (NSG) will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure to the Internet.	No
Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server 2016 can encrypt the network traffic sent from the virtual machines to a host on the Internet.	Yes



Azure PowerShell modules can be installed on macOS.Yes
Azure Cloud Shell can be accessed from a web browser on a Linux computer.Yes
An Azure subscription can have multiple account administrators.No
An Azure subscription can be managed by using a Microsoft account only.No(personal account also used)
An Azure resource group can contain multiple Azure subscriptions.No
You can create a resource group inside of an other resource group.No
An Azure virtual machine can be in multiple resource groups.No
A resource group can contain resources from multiple Azure regions.Yes


Azure services in public preview can be managed only by using the Azure CLI.	No
The cost of an Azure service in private preview decreases when the service becomes generally available.	No
When an Azure virtual machine is stopped, you continue to pay storage costs associated to the virtual machine.	Yes


Can you REGISTER iOS/Android? ➡️ YES
Can you JOIN iOS/Android? ➡️ NO (Only Windows/Linux desktops can be fully Joined)
For Azure active directory



You need to ensure that when Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users connect to Azure AD from the Internet by using an anonymous IP address, the users are
prompted automatically to change their password.
Which Azure service should you use?
A. Azure AD Connect Health
B. Azure AD Privileged Identity Management
C. Azure Advanced Threat Protection (ATP)
D. Azure AD Identity Protection
D


Your company plans to request an architectural review of an Azure environment from Microsoft. The company currently has a Basic support plan.
You need to recommend a new support plan for the company. The solution must minimize costs. Which support plan should you recommend?
A. Premier
B. Developer
C. Professional Direct
D. Standard
A


Two Azure subscriptions can be merged into a single subscription by creating a support request.	No
A company can store resources in multiple subscriptions.	Yes

The Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Azure Active Directory Basic is the same as the SLA for Azure Active Directory Free.	No


What should you use to evaluate whether your company's Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?
A. Compliance Manager from the Security Trust Portal
B. the Advisor blade from the Azure policy
C. the Knowledge Center website
D. the Security Center blade from the Azure portal
A


Azure provides flexibility between capital expenditure (CapEx) and operational expenditure (OpEx). Yes
All Azure services in private preview must be accessed by using a separate Azure portal.	No


If your company uses an Azure free account, you will only be exposed to a subset of Azure services. No

The Basic support plan does not have any technical support for engineers.
The Developer support plan has only technical support for engineers via email.
The Standard, Professional Direct, and Premier support plans have technical support for engineers via email and phone




You attempt to create several managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment and receive a message that you must increase your Azure
subscription limits.
What should you do to increase the limits?
A. Create a service health alert
B. Upgrade your support plan
C. Modify an Azure policy
D. Create a new support request
D

