hybrid cloud
db on primises + website and code are on cloud


storage,vm,sql db ,app services are services if we are using them then we are using resources of it


azure subscriptions:
An Azure subscription is a logical container and foundational unit that connects your Azure resources to a specific billing account,
An Azure subscription is a base container that comprises of a group of related business or technical resources. The group of resources are used and billed together.
like we create 2 resource group of 1 site
1 resource group is for testing and other for development
then both are combining and 1 site billing is consider as subscriptions.

->If a person is given access at the Subscription level, they automatically get access to all Resource Groups inside it. Typically, managers or leads have Subscription-level access to manage billing and overall control. Developers usually get access to specific Resource Groups (one or two) to prevent unintended changes across all resources.


group of subscription groups is called management group

management group
     |
subscription groups
     |
Resource groups

Management group = main Lead
Subscription = managers
Resource groups = developers/testers



ARM:It is central layer that allows the user to create delete and edit the resource via portal,CLI and visual studio.

Azure region:A geographical area where Azure has multiple data centers. It provides cloud services close to users to improve performance and compliance.
Azure Availability Zones: A physically separate data center

Azure compute services:
I provides computing power to run the application
example:Azureapp service and azure function

Azure VM:
cloud based virtual server that allow user to run app without needing physical hardware.
like computer in cloud and we are accessing it via internet

Horizontal Scaling (Scale-Out/In)
-Adds more instances (VMs/Containers
-Best for Stateless applications (Microservices, Web Apps)
-More cost-effective as auto scaling is possible because of VM scale sets

Vertical Scaling (Scale-Up/Down)
-Increases the size of a single VM (Increase size of CPU/ RAM)
-Best for Stateful applications (Monolithic Apps)
-Expensive as auto scaling is not possible


1. Stateless Apps (Best for Horizontal Scaling)
A Stateless app treats every request as a brand-new interaction. It doesn't store any client data on its own local hard drive or memory.

How it works: If a user adds an item to a cart, that info is sent to an external database or cache (like Redis). The application server itself stays "clean."

Why it's "Scale-Out" friendly: Since no data is stored on the server, you can have 100 identical copies of your app. A user’s first request can go to Server A, and their second can go to Server B without any issues, because both servers just pull the same data from the external database.

2. Stateful Apps (Best for Vertical Scaling)
A Stateful app remembers information about the client's session directly on the server where the app is running.

How it works: If you log in, Server A stores your "Session" in its local RAM.

The Scaling Problem: If you suddenly get more traffic and add Server B (Horizontal Scaling), and the user's next click hits Server B, Server B won't know who they are because the login "state" is stuck on Server A.

Azure virtual machine scale set: allows you to add and remove the vm for Horizontal Scaling
means when traffic is more we don't have to add or remove the vm in Horizontal Scaling thats way it is used.


Azure apps service:Azure App Service is a fully managed Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) that enables developers to host web applications, APIs, and mobile backends without managing the underlying infrastructure.
Prose:
. Supports Multiple Programming Languages
. Built-in Scalability like horizontal scaling
.OS Updates auto
.It supports auto-failover and backups.

Azure Virtual Machines (VMs)
IaaS (Infrastructure-as-a-Service)
User-managed. You handle Windows/Linux updates and security patches.
Use for custom software, or hosting databases like SQL Server.	

Azure App Services
PaaS (Platform-as-a-Service)
Fully managed. Microsoft handles all OS patches and security.
Modern Web APIs, ASP.NET Core apps, and Mobile backends.


Azure functions:
Azure Functions is a serverless compute service by Microsoft that allows you to run small pieces of code (called functions) in response to events—without managing servers or infrastructure.
Azure Functions = Run code automatically when something happens (no servers needed).
Compress the image when it store in blob storage.
Prose:
we can write azure function code in main application but it is best to write it a serverless
because it make main application to lighter and free from load of compress or background services.
serverless means does not mean it is not on server but mean is it s code is running is free from main application

Triggers:
event + code = azure function
event : someone upload image and we store it in blob storage.
code : we write code to compress that store image
 means image is arrive is event then our code execute that azure function working means once trigger is done than function will work.
type of trigger:
http trigger:when http request comes
time trigger:at specific time 	like every 2 hours 
blob trigger:when file uploaded


Azure function example:
using System.Net.Mail;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;
using Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs;
using Microsoft.Azure.WebJobs.Extensions.Http;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http;

public static class SimpleEmailFunction
{
    [FunctionName("SimpleEmail")]
    public static IActionResult Run(
    [HttpTrigger(AuthorizationLevel.Function, "get", "post")] HttpRequest req)
    {
        string to = req.Query["to"];
        string name = req.Query["name"];

        MailMessage mail = new MailMessage("youremail@example.com", to);
        mail.Subject = "Hello from Azure Function";
        mail.Body = $"Hi {name}, this is a simple email.";

        SmtpClient smtp = new SmtpClient("smtp.example.com", 587);
        smtp.Credentials = new System.Net.NetworkCredential("a@abc.com", "pwd");
        smtp.EnableSsl = true;
        smtp.Send(mail);

        return new OkObjectResult("Email sent.");
    }
}

-Each function starts with a method marked by the [FunctionName("FunctionNameHere")] attribute.
-Run is the method that executes when the function is triggered.
-Specify the types of trigger


difference:
-Azure Logic Apps
No-code/low-code with a visual designer.
You need to automate a multi-step business process with minimal or no coding.

-Azure Functions
Code-first, supporting multiple languages (C#, Python, Java, etc.).
You need to execute custom code or complex logic that isn't possible with Logic Apps' built-in expressions.


Azure storage:
blob storage:It is used to store images,videos,documents but editing in blob storage manually is difficult because the files are stored as object not regular files.

file storage:File storage is a way of storing data in the form of files organized into folders (like you normally see on your computer).
It is easy to open,edit and save files in file storage manually.

Azure Table Storage : It is a NoSQL storage service that stores structured data as key-value pairs in tables without a fixed schema.
It is like a table, but:

No fixed schema (columns can vary)
No relationships (unlike SQL databases)
Stores data as entities (rows)
Like need to stores the logs of applications.	

Azure Que storage:Azure Queue Storage (by Microsoft) is mainly used for handling background tasks.
Azure Disk Storage : It is used for storing data for virtual machines (VMs).
It provides persistent block storage for virtual machines (VMs) in Azure even when VM is stopped or restarted.
Azure Blobs: A massively scalable object store for text and binary data. Also includes support for big data analytics through Data Lake Storage Gen2.
Azure Files: Managed file shares for cloud or on-premises deployments.
Azure Queues: A messaging store for reliable messaging between application components.
Azure Disks: Block-level storage volumes for Azure VMs.
Azure Tables: NoSQL table option for structured, non-relational data.
Database:
	
Azure SQL Managed Instance vs. Azure SQL Database
Azure SQL Managed Instance:
Migration. Moving existing on-prem servers with complex needs

Azure SQL Database:
New Apps. Modern cloud applications that need to scale fast and keep maintenance low.

Azure cosmos DB(NoSQL):
Azure Cosmos DB is a globally distributed NoSQL database service provided by Microsoft that allows you to store and manage data with high speed, scalability, and low latency across the world.
It is a modern cloud database that:
Stores data in flexible formats (like JSON)

Azure SQL(RDBMS) vs Azure Cosmos DB(NO SQL):
Azure SQL Database (RDBMS)
Structured (tables, rows, columns)
Fixed schema (predefined)
Supports joins, foreign keys
Used in Banking, ERP, traditional apps(High value data)

Azure Cosmos DB (NoSQL):
Unstructured / semi-structured (JSON)
Flexible schema,No fix table need to craete all is dynamically
No joins (denormalized data)
that need large volumes data


Type of cloud
public
private
hybrid


pay for use  and no upfront cost
CapEx - upfront cost ex.Own car
CapEx is the upfront spending of money on physical infrastructure. You pay for the entire cost of an asset at the beginning of a project, and then deduct that cost from your tax bill over time.
OpEx like cloud computing ex. rented car
OpEx is spending money on services or products as you use them. There is no upfront cost; instead, you pay a recurring bill for the resources you consume in real-time.

SLA: 
An SLA(Service Level Agreement) is a guarantee of availability, usually expressed as a percentage of uptime (e.g., $99.9\%$).
scalability

Reliability:centerliaze design and decenterliaze architecture
Reliability is the ability of a system to perform its intended functions correctly and consistently under specified conditions for a specific period
In Azure, Reliability is achieved through two core strategies:
Resiliency:  To continue operating when things go wrong (e.g., a single server failing). It is about "staying up".
Recoverability: The ability to restore a system to a fully functional state after a failure has occurred.















daily Quesstions:
https://prepforcerts.org/dashboard


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y455PAPLY9w&list=PL_qizAfcpJ-MroLLOhBYpcLhyxRtnFcj4
or
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh8OhaWBNVc&list=PL5TTTZj-297mhekqKm19G6zykZ36TD72q


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y455PAPLY9w&list=PL_qizAfcpJ-MroLLOhBYpcLhyxRtnFcj4&index=1
this one

	
